TO BOOK AN APPOINTMENT

To make an appointment you need to enter the time, patient name, patient age, patient hospital number and the speciality they are under. Without these pieces of information you cannot make an appointment.

Click into the area where you want to enter data, enter the data and click off of it. You can press the 'Tab' button on the keyboard to go along a row and enter all of the information for a single appointment.

All of the appointments you enter will be saved when you click off of the screen - if there is either missing data or incorrect input, an error message will come up.

For the unscheduled appointments, the time entered must be a valid time in the 24-hour clock - when you click off of the time, if it is not in the correct format you will get an error message.


TO EDIT AN APPOINTMENT

Click into the area where you want to edit the data, enter the new data and click off of it. 

The altered appointment will be saved when you click off of the screen - if there is either missing data or incorrect input, an error message will come up.


PATIENT NOTES

The 'Notes' columns tells you the status of the patients case notes.

-   You have no information about the notes
O   You are aware of the notes - they are on your list to be collected
✓   You have the case notes - they are on the ward


EXTRA INFORMATION

You can add in extra information about the pre-op - click on the 'Extra Information' area and entered the information that you need.


TO DELETE AN APPOINTMENT

Right click on the time of the appointment and select 'Delete'. A pop-up box will appear to confirm that you want to delete the appointment.

When you click 'Yes', the appointment is deleted.


TO MARK THE ATTENDANCE OF AN APPOINTMENT

You mark the patients attendance by clicking on the blank square to the left of the time.

If you click once, the box turns green to show that the patient attended. 

If you press it a second time, the box turns red to show that the patient did not attend. 

If you click it a third time, the box becomes white so show that you do not know their attendance status.


STAFF

You can select the staff specific member of staff who will carryout the AM and PM pre-ops - this can be the same person or different people.

The staff that show in the drop down menu are the ones who are scheduled to work that day and have the skill of being able to carryout pre-ops.